Hmph, don't kill me, but arrest me, simply say
Although Long Shuai does not have the ability to flop
But there is still the ability to turn the table and perish together
Take you hostage
Just to let him relax his hands and feet
Don't act outside the rules of the game
So I'm not worthy to be your prey
Only with knives, bait for your fishing
Lift the knife and stop here
Zhanwang Chen's knife
I will break your hand
Hang up
Dead Password 3 lost this game
I am also a participant in the game
Guess what? You're not dead.
Nanako, you are from Dongying
Burying people in heaven
Daughter of the ninja god
Owen, you and Ouyang Bathing deceived me with lies
You want me to be your horse?
This time I'm here to kill you
The fruit actually ignored your anti-water step
I can't believe your evil master
You will also lose yourself
Let's kill and bully people and redistribute me
Shura kill me
Hahahaha
Although I have a lot of time today
But my patience is limited
Liu Fan
Give me an accurate answer.
Poplar stop dreaming
Lord Dongshuai did his best
Absolutely not when you rebel Ma Qianzu
Don't insert into my conversation with Long Shuai for a hundred years
If you dare to argue again
I'll let you go first
Even if boxwood is in a bloodbath today
I won't let you go back to the dungeon to report your order
Stubborn
Since you don't know the stairs
Then go to hell I want to be angry
Don't forget Lord Long Shuai
Risking the willpower of death
You will die without a burial place
Ha ha.
Do you think I don't have a defensive chassis?
I'll tell you what.
I've already prepared the ice
Life-saving Soul Recovery Pill
Turns out I didn't want him to
So far
I had no choice but to make trouble
Hu Xiaomu
I didn't expect you to have a plan ready
Yeah, I'm never unprepared.
Zhang Xiaofan, it's your stupid loyalty that hurt you
Remember how many hearts you have in the next life
Ah!
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahaha
Hahahahaha
Ah!
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Ha ha.
Ah!
How is that possible?
Why are you here?
Did Owen miss?